DOCS-5895 API Catalog (#117)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/acm-lightning-components.adoc

API Details Button Label:: Enables you to set the API Details button label. Default is *API Details*.
Learn More Button Label:: Enables you to set the Learn More button label. Default is *Learn More*.

== API Catalog

> The API Catalog offers API consumers an interactive way to explore all the available APIs in an API community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Catalog offers API consumers an interactive way to explore all the available APIs in an API community. It shows API cards in rows and columns, divided into pages, and controls to filter the displayed APIs by categories and search terms. The catalog is suitable for displaying and exploring large numbers of API versions.
```

The API Catalog component shows API cards in rows and columns, divided into pages, and controls to filter the displayed APIs by categories and search terms. The catalog is suitable for displaying and exploring large numbers of API versions.

In the template community, the API catalog link appears below the API carousel. If a community has multiple API catalog instances on multiple pages, the best practice is to standardize the pages and place the instances as consistently as possible.

> To prevent confusion, the API catalog is designed to use managed categories and not tags, and limit the number of categories to five.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent confusion, the API catalog is designed to use a maximum of five managed categories, and not tags.
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY standardize: is this an API catalog, or is this a proper noun, API Catalog?

Author: It's the proper noun API Catalog, and I will standardize this globally.

> A card may have multiple badges from one category. A card displays up to three badges, and if there are more, offers a tooltip to display them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A card can have multiple badges from one category. It can display up to three badges and, if it has more, it offers a tooltip to display them.
```

> If category colors are not specified, the community theme is used for defaults. Colors can be hexadecimal values such as `#FF0000` or `#0000FF`, or standard CSS color names such as `red` and `blue`.

Reviewer: Are we using passive voice intentionally, to refer to what users other than our audience experience? If not...:
```suggestion
If you do not specify category colors, your community theme is used as the default. Colors can be hexadecimal values such as `#FF0000` or `#0000FF` or standard CSS color names such as `red` and `blue`.
```

Author: That was accidental, and this is much better. Thank you!

> URL parameters can be used to pass filters to the catalog. For example, the URL of the page with the catalog component can end with `?catalogFilters=Country:Argentina,USA;Payment:Cash,Credit`.

Reviewer: ditto re. passive
```suggestion
You can use URL parameters to pass filters to the catalog. For example, the URL of the page with the catalog component can end with `?catalogFilters=Country:Argentina,USA;Payment:Cash,Credit`.
```

> The API icon, name, and description shown are set in the ACM control panel when you xref:publish-apis.adoc[add an API version to your community].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API icon, name, and description shown are set in the API Community Manager control panel when you  xref:publish-apis.adoc[add an API version to your community].
```

> You can specify values for the following parameters of the API Carousel:

Reviewer: Is API Carousel a proper noun? I'm guessing yes, in which case you would not use "the." Otherwise, we could refer to "the carousel" in general, as a thing; API Carousel as the one and only thing.
GLOBAL

Author: In this case it should be "the API Carousel component", or actually "the API Catalog component", and I'll clean that up globally.

Component Title:: Specifies the catalog title. Default is *API Catalog*.

> Show API Counter:: Enables you to show the API counter, which shows the number of APIs that match the current search and filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show API Counter:: Enables you to show the API counter, which displays the number of APIs that match the current search and filters.
```
...just to avoid two "shows" in one sentence....

Author: Much better. Thank you!

APIs Per Page:: Specifies the number of APIs shown on each page of the catalog. Default is 12.

> Category Filter 1 through Category Filter 5:: Specifies the categories community members and guest users can use to filter the APIs. Default is *None*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Category Filter 1 through Category Filter 5:: Specifies the categories that community members and guest users can use to filter the APIs. Default is *None*.
```

Category Color 1 through Category Color 5:: Specifies the color for each category.

> Search Input Position:: Specifies whether the search box will be next to the filters or below the filters and above the cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search Input Position:: Specifies whether the search box is next to the filters or below the filters and above the cards.
```

Author: Argh, that was a foolish mistake. Thank you!

> Category Card Badge 1 through Category Card Badge 3:: Specifies the categories that appear at the top of the cards as badges with colors matching the category colors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Category Card Badge 1 through Category Card Badge 3:: Specifies the categories that appear at the top of the cards as badges, with colors matching the category colors.
```

Extra Field Set:: Specifies extra fields.
Registrations Require Approval:: Select whether registration requires approval.
Approver ID:: Specifies the approver ID.

== Filter Conditions [[filter-conditions]]

> The API Carousel component and the API Catalog component use the parameter *Filter Condition (Advanced)* to show only the APIs that meet the condition. A condition is a standard search in Salesforce Object Query Language (SOQL).

Reviewer: ...and this is the other alternative: the API Carousel component. yep. proper noun. got it.

> The API Carousel component and the API Catalog component use the parameter *Filter Condition (Advanced)* to show only the APIs that meet the condition. A condition is a standard search in Salesforce Object Query Language (SOQL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Carousel component and the API Catalog component use the parameter *Filter Condition (Advanced)* to show only the APIs that meet the _condition_ (a standard search in Salesforce Object Query Language (SOQL)).
```

> You can search these fields:

Reviewer: Search these fields for what? the condition? Do we need to specify?

Author: The search can test those fields to see if they match the condition. Updated this to clarify.

* `+acm_pkg__Icon__c+`
* `+acm_pkg__Name__c+`
* `+acm_pkg__NavigateUrl__c+`
* `+acm_pkg__VersionGroup__c+`

These examples demonstrate filter conditions:

> 

Reviewer: This is quite a few examples! Do we need so many?
Do you suppose it would make more sense to show the condition first and then the meaning?

Author: True, 12 is a lot. However, I think the functionality each one shows is different enough from all the others to be worth including.

I like your idea of showing condition and then meaning. Fixed.

* The API name contains the text `My API`: `+acm_pkg__Name__c LIKE '%My API%'+`
* The API name is `API Alpha` or `API Bravo`: `+(acm_pkg__Name__c = 'API Alpha' OR acm_pkg__Name__c = 'API Bravo')+`
* The API name is `My API` and the API version group is `v1`: `+(acm_pkg__Name__c = 'My API' AND acm_pkg__VersionGroup__c = 'v1')+`
* The API name begins with `Product`, `Shipping`, or `Order`: `+(acm_pkg__Name__c LIKE 'Product%' OR acm_pkg__Name__c LIKE 'Shipping%' OR acm_pkg__Name__c LIKE 'Order%')+`
* The API has an icon: `+acm_pkg__Icon__c != ''+`
* The API has a Learn More button that links to a custom page with more information: `+acm_pkg__NavigateUrl__c != ''+`
* The API version group is exactly equal to `v2`: `+acm_pkg__VersionGroup__c = 'v2'+`
* The API version group is later than `v1`: `+acm_pkg__VersionGroup__c > 'v1'+`
* The API version group is earlier than `v1`: `+acm_pkg__VersionGroup__c < 'v1'+`
* The API version group is later than or equal to `v2`: `+acm_pkg__VersionGroup__c >= 'v2'+`
* The API version group is earlier than or equal to `v2`: `+acm_pkg__VersionGroup__c <= 'v2'+`

Queries using `OR` or `AND` must enclose the whole condition in parentheses.

> ACM compares version groups using normal string comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Community Manager compares version groups using normal string comparison.
```

> You can learn more about SOQL from the Salesforce https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.soql_sosl.meta/soql_sosl/[SOQL and SOSL Reference, role=external, window=blank].

Reviewer: I wonder if we should just name the reference and avoid providing an actual link, which might change?

Author: Yes, I went ahead and switched to naming the reference without providing a link.
